Ins 27092 versioning docs (#287)
IBM/universal-connectors: docs/Guardium Insights/3.2.x/Plugins_management.md

> # Managing and Installing Plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Managing and Installing Plug-ins
```

> The Universal Connector plugins are shown on **Universal Connector plugins** page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The universal connector plug-ins are shown on the `universal connector plug-ins` page. 
```

> 1. Open the **Settings** menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the `Settings` menu.
```

> 2. Click **Connections**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click `Connections`.
```

> 3. Click on the **Manage** drop-down button and select the **Universal Connector plugins** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click on the `Manage` drop-down button and select the `universal connector plug-ins` option.
```

> ## Built in plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Built-in plug-ins
```

Guardium Insights supplies the following input plugins: 
* [Filebeat](../../../input-plugin/logstash-input-beats/README.md)
* [SQS](../../../input-plugin/logstash-input-sqs/README.md)
* [CloudWatch](../../../input-plugin/logstash-input-cloudwatch-logs/README.md)

> ## How to add a new plugin?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding a new plug-in
```

> 1. Download the plugin for the requested data source from the attached table to your local system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the plug-in for the requested data source from the attached table to your local system.
```

> 2. Click **Connections** in the **Settings** menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click `Connections` in the `Settings` menu.
```

> 3. Click on the **Manage** drop-down button and select the **Universal Connector plugins** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click on the `Manage` drop-down button and select the `universal connector plug-ins` option.
```

> 4. Click **Upload plugin** button and select the zip file from your local system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click the `Upload plug-in` button and select the zip file from your local system.
```

> 5. Verify that the new plugin is shown in the **Universal Connector plugins** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Verify that the new plug-in is shown in the `universal connector plug-ins` page.
```
